Area52 lesson02 review (#2)
drewstaylor/area-52-course-2-lessons: lesson-02-cw721-soulbound/exercise-01/exercise.md

Filename: lib.rs
-->

> If Section 31 didn't like what you were doing, they could have just vapourized the teleporter (not to mention your entire DNA). So why'd you end up in their cyber jail? It must have something to do with the missing `passport-token`.

It occurs to you that you may need to build an NFT just to get out of here!

When it comes to making NFT collections with custom logic, there are a few strategies that could be followed, such as:

1. Adding customizations in the token collection contract
2. Bootstrapping a version of `cw721-base` locally within the project and modifying it

> 3. Importing modified versions of `cw721-base` as package dependencies

Reviewer: We should change number 3 to:
"Importing a modified version of `cw721-base` as a package dependency"

> 3. Importing modified versions of `cw721-base` as package dependencies

Author: ```suggestion
3. Importing a modified version of cw721-base as a package dependency
```
